In terms of a menu for the website, the band would love to see a dropdown tab for 

1/ Gigs
2/ Contact Us:   Oliophonic@gmail.com
3/ Picture / Video Gallery
4/ Original Music
5/ Band Bios

Here are the original Oliophonic songs for the website.


Randy Curtis:

Drums: Randy Curtis

​Randy is a versatile drummer and studied alongside other bandmates at Humber. Randy plays a pivotal role in the group; not just as the pulse, he also has knowledge of musical composition and contributed greatly to the arrangements in Oliophonic's original music. His playlist is as diverse as the day is long. Randy is mentor to several students who are learning to cultivate their love of the drums.


Brett Harding

Brett Is a guitarist, trombone player, drummer and songwriter who has been active since the 1970's. Music is a life passion that began with guitar lessons early on and continued in studies at York University in Jazz Improvisation and Performance.

Brett has also played in numerous rock bands as a guitarist for a number of years including writing and recording an album “Live That Way” at Toronto’s own Phase One Studios with the band Whiskey Lancaster.

Live performance is the greatest thrill for a musician and it is an incredible experience to be surrounded by the amazing musicians in Oliophonic. Come on out and see us.

Harley Kizner

From the moment he first picked up a guitar, Harley has dedicated himself to mastering the perfect Blues tone and feel that you can hear through his amplifier today. His tone is achieved through his fingers, and not much else; plugging directly into a Fender tube amplifier, allowing him to express emotion through the strings with few distractions.

Combining influences from the likes of Eric Clapton, John Mayer and Derek Trucks, Harley brings a unique flavour to the band. Whether it’s improvising solos, or developing unique fills and phrases, you will hear something new every time you go out to see him play.


Mike Ophek

Bass Guitar: Michael Ophek

A veteran blues bassist who graces the stage with his soulful bass melodies and melodic lines.

As a former student in the Humber Colleges jazz program,Michael incorporates his knowledgeand skill of the genre into the band’s original compositions. Michael is constantly reinventing himself both in his playing and writing styles, bringing the bass guitar where it should be, in the forefront.


Angie Nero

A seasoned vocalist, performer and songwriter, Angie Nero has a musical repertoire that reaches across a number of genres such as R&B, Reggae, Funk, Jazz and Blues. Angie’s versatility and raw emotion in her performance set her apart from other vocalists and make for an unforgettable live experience for an audience.

​Angie graduated from York University’s Glendon Campus in Education and Canadian Studies.